add hostport to apisix (#302)
apache/apisix-helm-chart: charts/apisix/README.md

| `gateway.type`                  | Apache APISIX service type for user access itself                                                                                                                                   | `NodePort` |
| `gateway.externalTrafficPolicy` | Setting how the Service route external traffic                                                                                                                                      | `Cluster`  |
| `gateway.http`                  | Apache APISIX service settings for http                                                                                                                                             |            |

> | `gateway.http.hostPort`         | Set hostPort to access Apache APISIX service for http                                                                                                                               | `Not Set`  |

Reviewer: If we don't set a default value, just leave it empty.

> | `gateway.http.hostPort`         | Set hostPort to access Apache APISIX service for http                                                                                                                               | `Not Set`  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `gateway.http.hostPort`         | Specify a host port and expose the HTTP port of Apache APISIX to it |   |
```

| `gateway.tls`                   | Apache APISIX service settings for tls                                                                                                                                              |            |
| `gateway.tls.existingCASecret`  | Specifies the name of Secret contains trusted CA certificates in the PEM format used to verify the certificate when APISIX needs to do SSL/TLS handshaking with external services (e.g. etcd) | `""`       |
| `gateway.tls.certCAFilename`    | filename be used in the `gateway.tls.existingCASecret`                                                                                                                                          | `""`       |

> | `gateway.tls.hostPort`          | Set hostPort to access Apache APISIX service for tls                                                                                                                                | `Not Set`  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `gateway.tls.hostPort`          | Specify a host port and expose the HTTPS port of Apache APISIX to it |   |
```

Author: thanks
